Make doc structure consistent and up-to-date (#786)
kivy/plyer: docs/source/index.rst

Welcome to Plyer
================

> Plyer is a platform-independent Python API for accessing features
> of various hardware platforms, especially Android and iOS devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plyer is a platform-independent Python API for accessing features
of various platforms (Android, iOS, macOS, Linux and Windows).
```

Plyer is managed by the `Kivy Team <https://kivy.org/about.html>`
and is suitable for use with Kivy apps.

Plyer is released and distributed under the terms of the MIT license. Our

> `latest license <https://github.com/kivy/kivy/blob/master/LICENSE>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`latest license <https://github.com/kivy/plyer/blob/master/LICENSE>`_
```
